in his days Nebuchadnezzar king of
Babylon came up and Jehoiakim became his
vassal for three years then he turned
and rebelled against him and the Lord
sent against him raiding bands of
Chaldeans bands of Syrians bands of
Moabites and bands of the people of
ammon he sent them against Judah to
destroy it according to the word of the
Lord which he had spoken by his servants
the prophets surely at the commandment
of the Lord this came upon Judah to
remove them from his sight because of
the sins of Manasseh according to all
that he had done and also because of the
innocent blood that he had shared for he
had filled Jerusalem with innocent blood
which the Lord would not harden now the
rest of the acts of Jehoiakim and all
that he did are they not written in the
book of the chronicles of the kings of
Judah
so Jehoiakim rested with his father's
then Jehovah kin his son reigned in his
place and the king of Egypt did not come
out of his land any more for the king of
Babylon had taken all that belong to the
king of Egypt from the brook of Egypt to
the river Euphrates cahaya King was 18
years old when he became King and he
reigned in Jerusalem three months his
mother's name was new Hoschton the
daughter of el Nathan of Jerusalem and
he did evil in the sight of the Lord
according to all that his father had
at that time the servants of
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up
against Jerusalem and the city was
besieged and Nebuchadnezzar king of
Babylon came against the city as his
servants were besieging it then - hi
again king of Judah his mother his
servants his princes and his officers
went out to the king of Babylon and the
king of Babylon in the eighth year of
his reign took him prisoner and he
carried out from there all the treasures
of the house of the Lord and the
treasures of the King's house and he cut
in pieces all the articles of gold which
Solomon king of Israel had made in the
temple of the Lord as the Lord had said
also he carried into captivity all
Jerusalem all the captains and all the
mighty men of valor ten thousand
captains and all the craftsmen and
Smith's none remain except the poorest
people of the land and he carried cahaya
King captive to Babylon the king's
mother the Kings wives his officers and
the mighty of the land he carried into
captivity from Jerusalem to Babylon all
the valiant men 7,000 and craftsmen and
Smith's 1,000 all who were strong and
fit for war these the king of Babylon
brought captive to Babylon
then the king of Babylon made mattaniah
jaha Akins uncle king in his place and
changed his name to Zedekiah Zedekiah
was 21 years old when he became King and
he reigned 11 years in Jerusalem his
mother's name was herm util the daughter
of Jeremiah of Lebanon he also did evil
in the sight of the Lord according to
all that Jehoiakim had done for because
of the anger of the Lord this happened
in Jerusalem and Judah that he finally
cast them out from his presence then
Zedekiah rebelled against the king of
Babylon
you